Add adjoint to the operation `QFT` and fix the `qml.adjoint()` function (#1451)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: .github/CHANGELOG.md

<h3>Bug fixes</h3>

> * Fixes the adjoint of the operation`QFT` and the adjoint function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes the adjoint of the operation`QFT` and the `qml.adjoint` function.
```

> * Fixes the adjoint of the operation`QFT` and the `qml.adjoint` function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug where the adjoint of `qml.QFT` when using the `qml.adjoint` function
  was not correctly computed.
```
